# CF_SR
This repository contains the code and data for the paper titled "Internal Placement: Job Recommender Systems with Similarity Regularization". To replicate the results as reported in the paper, run *'main notebook.ipynb'* and *'benchmark.ipynb'*

#### main notebook.ipynb
This notebook contains the main code for running CF and CF_SR. A table of contents is provided in the first cell.
With the current settings, the code generates results as reported in the paper. 
Output is automatically written to *Results/results_{date}.txt*

#### benchmark.ipynb
This notebook contains the code for testing benchmarking methods. A table of contents is provided in the first cell.
The code generates results as reported in the paper for validation. 
Output is automatically written to *Results/results_benchmark_{date}.txt*

#### Data
This folder contains two datasets. 
1. **toy_example.csv** is a small synthetic dataset to check whether the user is able to run the notebooks. 
2. **dataset_3.csv** is a novel, first-of-its-kind dataset we publish. It contains It is an adaptation of [this dataset](https://github.com/SimonDeVos/Anonymous_HR_event_log), where (i) ongoing job-employee matches are left out and (ii) performance metric y is added.

	note: dataset_1 and dataset_2 are not publicly available.

#### Results
This folder contains the results generated by the two notebooks. 
The two .txt files contain the results as reported in the paper.

#### img
Contains two images as reported in the paper.

#### similarity_matrix
Folder where similarity matrices are stored and loaded.

#### myFunctions.py
This file contains all self-written methods to run the 'main notebook.ipynb'.

#### myFunctions_benchmark.py
This file contains all self-written methods to run the 'benchmark.ipynb'.

#### requirements.txt


